In the Feastiary universe, a Foodie is someone with innate magical abilities fueled by consuming food. Some people are born with a predisposition toward becoming a Foodie with an increased interest in eating and hunger and could awaken their magical abilities at any moment. Others may have no hints of becoming a Foodie at all until a particular event occurs that might suddenly awaken their powers. Some Foodies have attained their magical powers completely passively without any singular event influencing it. It's rumored that even the pickiest, frailest eater that hates all things unknown to their diet still has the ability to become a Foodie given the right circumstances. Perhaps it's even possible to force one to gain magic powers...

Once someone has awakened their magical powers, there are no known ways to reverse or otherwise suppress the Foodie status. By gaining these powers, the person obtains a greater appetite and hunger, a far greater capacity to eat and digest food, the capability to consume food monsters, and the power to cast spells using calories. As a side effect, Foodies' weights can fluctuate greatly. A diet of "normal" human proportions, regardless of nutrition, will leave a Foodie moderately skinny and deprived. But even just a few big meals, a few weeks worth of calories consumed within mere days for example, can leave a Foodie heavier than if a normal person had digested the same amount.

Generally, the higher the weight of the Foodie, the greater the potency of their magic. All Foodies can cast the same pool of offensive [[Elemental Magic]], with only varying levels of efficacy depending on the person. Some Foodies manifest exclusive magical abilities that no one else has, usually reflecting the kind of character the Foodie is. Cirana for example is a meticulous note taker, her exclusive ability allows her to condense knowledge into a [Spell Card], granting her greater freedom to what spells are available to her at all times.

In the world of Feastiary, Foodies are often alone and independent. They are uncommon across the population and their increased hunger is a threat to most food supplies. For that reason, Foodies almost universally rely on consuming food monsters and cannot properly integrate into most settlements. 

An unusual trait of Foodies is that they obtain new magically-conjured clothes upon awakening their powers. The purpose of such is still unknown. These clothes are of ornate quality compared to common folk and is capable of mending itself should it tear or rip. The Foodie has full control of summoning or unsummoning their outfit, though the clothes have limitations on how far they can stretch and only properly fit at smaller sizes. Nonetheless should a Foodie outgrow their clothes, which is a very common occurrence, they can rest easy that they can remain *somewhat* covered at all times. 