The secondary main character to Feastiary. While not in as active of a role as [[Cirana]], Chubbo takes inspiration from games that offer two primary protagonists that mostly play the same campaign but offer different playstyles. Chubbo is to Cirana as Zero is to X, Vergil is to Dante, Blaze is to Sonic, and Marisa is to Reimu.

Chubbo isn't visually designed to contrast Cirana, though he's a friendly rival of sorts. Chubbo is fairly short, being half a foot shorter than Cirana in height. Both characters have elements of traditional witchcraft and wizardry alongside trickery performed by magicians, though Chubbo leans closer to the magician side while Cirana the witch side. Chubbo, unsurprisingly from his name, is already quite portly. He sports a distinct potbelly, thick thighs, wide hips, and a soft chest. He has grey eyes with white pupils, a round face, and messy red hair. The last notable traits of his physique are his cat ears and cat tail, complete with white ear fluff and a white tip to his tail. (Outfit description here)

Personality wise, Chubbo is much more outgoing and playful than Cirana. He isn't afraid to get mischievous and outwardly enjoys being a [[Foodie]], even if it sometimes gets him into trouble. For this reason, he's generally more experienced at battling food monsters and doesn't hide his shameless gluttony, but he doesn't have what it takes to be a hero. Cirana may travel and help people out of a selfless desire to solve problems caused by food monsters while Chubbo would be motivated to do same thing to get a meal out of it. This doesn't mean that Chubbo is selfish or would neglect someone in dire need. He simply doesn't go out of his way to seek people's problems. His encounters with Cirana are primarily happenstance, and he views her as a 'rookie' with great potential. Sparking a rivalry with her is his way of encouraging her to let loose.

For gameplay abilities, Chubbo's mechanics encourage an aggressive playstyle than can prove more effective than Cirana in certain situations though is less flexible and forces risky play. Chubbo comes with a timer that counts down with every player turn. In order to reset and extend this timer, the player must deal a final blow to a food monster by eating it. If the timer reaches zero, Chubbo's [calories] will be set to zero and he will lose a turn. The timer countdown won't start again and his non-eating attack power will be significantly reduced until he consumes a monster as a final blow. In exchange, Chubbo's base stats and stat growth are much more favorable for closing the distance on monsters and having the capacity to eat many without getting full.