The main character in the story of Feastiary. Cirana is a young witch with white hair tied in a short pony tail, red eyes, average height, and is a little on the thin side. (outfit description here)

Cirana is a generally good natured person, motivated by the guilt she feels from accidentally attracting a horde of [[Food Monsters]] that proceeded to attack her home village. She's already accepted her mistake since being exiled, but still vows to make everywhere she goes a better place. Even if her stomach will take a beating for it. Outside of the catastrophic mistake of her past, Cirana is very smart and a meticulous note taker. She loves digging into why the world is the way it is and studies how food magic functions, records monster behaviors (and their taste), and jots down every recipe she comes across.

Cirana is at first bewildered at gaining weight. Coming from a home of sparse food, she's never met anyone who is even remotely heavyset before coming across people like [[Chubbo]]. To her, suddenly discovering that her clothes struggle to fit and her assets have grown so... exaggerated, is immensely embarrassing. However, once she comes to terms with it being a natural side effect of being a [[Foodie]], and realizing gaining weight increases her power, Cirana gets very excited and giddy about growing bigger. She's a bit shy when it comes to eating, frequently holding back even when being allowed to eat as much as she wants. When she really lets loose though, Cirana's ability to eat rivals even the heaviest, most experienced Foodies. She has a great passion for all things food. While some Foodies may enjoy eating for the simple act of it, or for a perverted desire to feel full and powerful, Cirana loves food like it's an art. She picks apart every ingredient and every flavor with each bite she takes.

Early on in the adventure, Cirana discovers ruins with ancient texts describing food monster phenomena. She learns that food monsters have existed for hundreds of years, if not thousands and beyond. After reading something about "purifying" monsters, she determines the location of a "divine treasure" created for fighting back against food monsters but wasn't completed before the fall of this past civilization. Using the written texts as clues, (backstory to how she finds [[The Feastiary Grimoire]])

Cirana's unique ability is being able to condense spell knowledge into [[Spell Cards]], which grants her greater flexibility in which spells she has access to compared to other characters. Cirana has no drawbacks, gimmicks, or restrictions. She is the ultimate all-rounder and is free to be played in whatever playstyle as long as the right abilities are found during an [[Expeditions]].